Reorganize README and update UV instructions (#63)
napari/napari-plugin-template: README.md

These instructions will walk you through how to create a napari plugin. It uses an application called copier
to prompt you for configuration input and does the work of creating a functioning, distributable plugin from your
source code.
Both options install the [Copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) application,
the [jinja2-time](https://pypi.org/project/jinja2-time/) extension,
and the napari plugin engine [npe2](https://github.com/napari/npe2) to help validate your new plugin is configured correctly.

> ### [Option A]:  Use an environment to manage and utilize copier

Reviewer: For simplicity, it may be better to swap the order of the two options: put uv approach first and virtual environment second.

I would change the title to [Option A (or B)]: Use a virtual or conda environment to run the plugin template

> #### Step 1: Install the template tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1: Install the template tool and its dependencies
```

Copier will create a new folder in your current working directory named `napari-growth-cone-finder`.
It will also prompt you to begin entering configuration information.

> ### [Option B]: Use uv for an up-to-date, no environment utilization of copier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Option B]: Use uv to install and run the plugin template
```

#### Step 1 and 2: Run copier and create a new napari plugin project.

[uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) can reduce complexity since it will
automatically install and manage a version of Python.

> The following command is all you need to get started:

Reviewer: It would make sense to remind that uv needs to be installed.

Author: its a shame these types of tools don't come pre-installed with OSes, would make getting started to code so much easier lol
